What is a coronavirus?
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
What is a novel coronavirus?
A novel coronavirus (CoV) is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans.
Can humans become infected with a novel coronavirus of animal source?
Detailed investigations found that SARS-CoV was transmitted from civet cats to humans in China in 2002 and MERS-CoV from dromedary camels to humans in Saudi Arabia in 2012. Several known coronaviruses are circulating in animals that have not yet infected humans. As surveillance improves around the world, more coronaviruses are likely to be identified.
What are the symptoms of someone infected with a coronavirus?
Is there a genetic factor to strokes?
Yes. There are genetic factors. There are some people that are born with certain genes that predispose them to stroke. One such condition would be CADASIL (cerebral autosomal-dominant arteriopathy with subcortical infarcts and leukoencephalopathy). If you are interested, I am sure you can learn more about this condition from the Web. Some people are born with genetic conditions that predispose them to clotting. This in turn may increase their stroke risk. Finally, if you have a strong family history of high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol or any of the major modifiable risk factors for stroke, you may also be at higher risk because of this. However, these particular conditions are very much treatable and you certainly can do something about them to lower your risk.
What medications are best for the treatment of asthma?
Albuterol is usually the primary "rescue" or short-term medicine that is used to help acute asthma symptoms, such as coughing or wheezing.
Can you recommend any tools that will help me stay motivated to stay on my eating plan?
Continue to remind yourself of the benefits of reaching your goal. It may be looking good in those summer shorts or having more energy to keep up with your kids. Put up notes to remind yourself if necessary.
Best drug for cold?
Nasal decongestants
best drug for fever?
Acetaminophen or Paracetamol
Which medicine is best for severe headache?
aspirin, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin IB, others) and naproxen (Aleve).
What medicine to take for body pain?
opioids (codeine, morphine, tramadol) or anti-epileptic medication (pregabalin, gaberpentin, carbamazepine) or anti-depressants (amitriptyline, duloxetine)
Which is the best medicine for high blood pressure?
Thiazide diuretics
best ointment for acne?
According to sources in 2020 : AcneFree Terminator 10 Acne Spot Treatment.Neutrogena On-The-Spot Acne Treatment,Mario Badescu Drying Lotion,Sircuit Skin Fixzit Plus,Murad Rapid Relief Acne Spot Treatment,La Roche-Posay Effaclar Duo Dual Action Acne Treatment,Differin Gel,Peace Out Acne Healing Dots
best ointment salts for pigmentation?
vitamin C, licorice root, and kojic acid help reduce hyperpigmentation by inhibiting tyrosinase, an enzyme responsible for the formation of skin-darkening melanin
best antibiotic for burn?
The antibiotics which includes cefotaxime, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, penicillin, polymyxin B, and a combination of oral neomycin, erythromycin, and nystatin.
best antibiotic for pain?
dderall (amphetamine / dextroamphetamine)
Aleve (naproxen)
amlodipine.
amoxicillin.
best antibiotic for tooth pain?
Antibiotics of the penicillin class, such as penicillin and amoxicillin, are most commonly used to help treat tooth infections.
best medicine for hair fall?
Minoxidil. Minoxidil (Rogaine)
best medicine for lung infection?
Take OTC medications such as ibuprofen (Advil) or acetaminophen (Tylenol) to lower your fever and help relieve any aches and pains. Use OTC decongestants or expectorants to help loosen mucus and make it easier to cough up. Be sure to get plenty of rest. Drink lots of fluids.
best medicine for diarrhea?
Loperamide (Imodium) slows the movement of food through your intestines, which lets your body absorb more liquid.
Bismuth subsalicylate (Kaopectate, Pepto-Bismol) balances out how fluid moves through your digestive tract.
best medicine for food allergy?
For a minor allergic reaction, over-the-counter or prescribed antihistamines may help reduce symptoms. These drugs can be taken after exposure to an allergy-causing food to help relieve itching or hives. However, antihistamines can't treat a severe allergic reaction.
best medicine for skin allergy?
Hydrocortisone cream.
Ointments like calamine lotion.
Antihistamines.
Cold compresses.
Oatmeal baths.
best medicine for ear pain?
Acetaminophen, ibuprofen, or naproxen can often relieve the pain of an earache.
best medicine for eye pain?
For mild cases of eye discomfort, rest the eyes, take over-the-counter pain relievers such as ibuprofen (Advil) or acetaminophen (Tylenol), and avoid bright light.
Is breast cancer inherited?
Most women who get breast cancer do not have any family history of breast cancer. Just because a family member had breast cancer does not always mean that you will get breast cancer.
I am trying to eat a vegetarian diet. How can I get the protein that I need?
It is good that you are concerned because many people who start eating a vegetarian diet simply eliminate the meat from their diet and compromise their protein needs. Rich protein sources include lentils, legumes, nuts/seeds, soy products (such as tofu or soy meat substitutes), eggs, and dairy products. You need to be intentional about consuming these foods several times through
best medicine company in india?
Sun Pharmaceutical	116,415
2	Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
best medicine for high cholesterol?
Atorvastatin (Lipitor)
Fluvastatin (Lescol)
Lovastatin.
Pitavastatin (Livalo)
Pravastatin (Pravachol)
Rosuvastatin calcium (Crestor)
Simvastatin (Zocor)
best medicine for high cough?
(Robitussin) and Vicks Dayquil Cough.
best ear drops for ear infection?
polsyporin
best medicine for stomach pain?
For cramping from diarrhea, medicines that have loperamide (Imodium) or bismuth subsalicylate (Kaopectate or Pepto-Bismol) might make you feel better. For other types of pain, acetaminophen (Aspirin Free Anacin, Liquiprin, Panadol, Tylenol) might be helpful.
best medicine for rashes?
Anti-itch creams containing 1% hydrocortisone cream can be effective.
Oral antihistamines like diphenhydramine and hydroxyzine can be helpful in controlling the itching.
Moisturizing lotions.
best medicine for razor bumps?
If you prefer to go with an OTC option, look for a topical cream containing hydrocortisone. This can help reduce any swelling and calm any redness on the skin. Shop for hydrocortisone cream. To treat small bumps: If you experience razor bumps, avoid shaving the affected area until any sores and bumps heal.
best drug worldwide?
ds
ds
fs
f
sf